Help! This is bad
The princess was swallowed
Jiang Wanle pushed me into the water, help!
Quick, quick, quick, quick.
Jiang Wanyue, how dare you push Rong'er into the water?
Which eye did you see me push him with?
Your Highness, Rong'er said the wrong thing.
Accidentally angered my sister
It's not my sister's fault
Don't worry, my aunt will bully you here.
Auntie will naturally give you justice.
Jiang Wanyu
Apologize to Rong'er
You didn't see anything, just say I pushed him
You didn't push it.
Could it be that Rong'er jumped down by herself?
Unrepentant
Somebody take him down for me
What does the prince want to do to this king's fiancée?
Uncle Wan Yue pushed his nephew's side concubine
Always give your nephew an explanation